welcome to the residence hall quad the
main dorm facility on campus for
freshmen and upperclassmen here you will
find single and double occupancy rooms
with the communal bathrooms behind me is
the Student Center the Student Center
there are computer labs there are media
centers where you can study or just hang
out with friends also here in the green
you will find many student activities
such as barbecues water slides anything
to get everybody together
behind me we find Roberts home where the
majority of the questions live there are
seven stories and in each floor there's
a common lounge where you can relax and
socialize with your fellow for me
they're also movie night and it's a
great way to bond especially for the
first-year college experience
welcome to Columbia Village where the
students can enjoy apartment-style
living each of the buildings are named
after the seven astronauts on board the
Columbia Space Shuttle disaster students
each have their own individual rooms
with four bedrooms two bathrooms and a
kitchenette in each storm there's also a
multi-purpose room where students can
relax and hang out after a full day of
studying and academics
other some of the most part of campus
you will find the Harris village Harris
village is three five-story buildings
Harris village houses 382 students and
one two or four bedroom apartment style
units
in honor of mr. Hartley and mr. farmer
donations to the production of these
hairs buildings you'll find murals like
the one behind me and the lounges
conveniently located across the street
from campus are the South State
Apartments south gate offers one two or
three bedrooms
there's even an athletic field and a
pool